docs: update MVUX counter (#16765)
unoplatform/uno: doc/articles/getting-started/counterapp/includes/include-mvux.md

    }
    ```

> - Add a new `partial record` above named `Countable`. This record will be responsible for updating our counter's properties all while ensuring immutability. Learn more about immutable records [here](https://platform.uno/docs/articles/external/uno.extensions/doc/Learn/Mvux/WorkingWithRecords.html#how-to-create-immutable-records).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add a new `partial record` above named `Countable`. This record will be responsible for updating our counter's properties all while ensuring immutability. Learn more about immutable records [here](xref:Uno.Extensions.Mvux.Records#how-to-create-immutable-records).
```

Reviewer: @rajamatt  Make sure to verify that the link is properly working while running the doc locally please

    ```csharp
    internal partial record Countable
    {
    }
    ```

- Add the `Count` and `Step` properties to the `Countable`'s primary constructor.

    ```csharp
    internal partial record Countable(int Count, int Step)
    {
    }
    ```

> - Add an `Increment` method to the `Countable` record. The `with` operator allows us to [create a new instance](https://platform.uno/docs/articles/external/uno.extensions/doc/Learn/Mvux/WorkingWithRecords.html#updating-records) of the object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add an `Increment` method to the `Countable` record. The `with` operator allows us to [create a new instance](xref:Uno.Extensions.Mvux.Records#updating-records) of the object.
```

Reviewer: @rajamatt Make sure to verify that the link is properly working while running the doc locally please

    ```csharp
    public Countable Increment() => this with
    {
        Count = Count + Step
    };
    ```

- Add the newly created `Countable` as a property in the `MainModel` class. The type must be `IState<Countable>` and we use `=> State.Value(...)` to initialize it.

    ```csharp
    public IState<Countable> Countable => State.Value(this, () => new Countable(0, 1));
    ```

> - Add a method named `IncrementCommand` to the `MainModel` that will in turn call the `Countable`'s `Increment` method and therefore update the counter. The generated ViewModel of our `MainModel` will automatically re-expose as `ICommand` the `IncrementCommand` method.

Reviewer 2: Is it important at this point to mention the Generated MainModel and the ICommand?

Author: good point, I think we could instead mention it here when we are databinding: https://github.com/unoplatform/uno/blob/7f009e1c3fa6e4acb07e92ece2cd4ef62524b0bf/doc/articles/getting-started/counterapp/get-started-counter-csharp-mvux.md?plain=1#L126

(and here) https://github.com/unoplatform/uno/blob/7f009e1c3fa6e4acb07e92ece2cd4ef62524b0bf/doc/articles/getting-started/counterapp/get-started-counter-xaml-mvux.md?plain=1#L122

Author: @ajpinedam I have removed the mention and added a reference to commands in MVUX instead

> - Add a method named `IncrementCounter` to the `MainModel` that will in turn call the `Countable`'s `Increment` method and therefore update the counter. You can find more information on commands in MVUX [here](https://platform.uno/docs/articles/external/uno.extensions/doc/Learn/Mvux/Advanced/Commands.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add a method named `IncrementCounter` to the `MainModel` that will in turn call the `Countable`'s `Increment` method and therefore update the counter. You can find more information on commands in MVUX [here](xref:Uno.Extensions.Mvux.Advanced.Commands).
```
